Thomas Pearce

Home Address
50 The Avenue
Brighton
BN2 4FA
Contact Details
Telephone: 07543397671
Email: tpearce@live.co.uk

Education and Qualifications
University of Sussex BSc Games and Multimedia Environments 2011-2012
Subjects include: Java Development, Computational Problem Solving, System Architecture, 
Human-Computer Interaction

The Priory Academy LSST 2009-2011
A-Levels: Computing B, Mathematics B, General Studies C, Physics D
BTEC Level 3: Award for IT Practitioners (Distinction) A

The Priory LSST 2004-2009
GSCEs: 14 A*-C, including Mathematics A*, Electronics A, English Language B, OCR Level 2 Certificate for IT Practitioners (Credit), Media Studies C, DiDA Extended Certificate (Credit)

Work Experience
GroundSure, Brighton, 2012 Q4
Maintaining and creating OpenOffice 1.4 templates for use with an ad-hoc report generation system, as well as debugging, refactoring and documenting XML documents associated with the templates.

Oxfam Bookshop, Lincoln, 2010 Q4 – 2011 Q1
Maintaining, organising and repairing stock, creating displays, assisting with customer enquiries, handling and pricing valuable/rare books, cashier and other money-handling duties.

Wyman-Gordon, Lincoln, 2008 Q2
Created and automated health and safety information/record spreadsheet, providing creative input as to the installation of sensitive electronic equipment in a high-stress environment. 

Activities and Interests
Design and implementation of procedural terrain generation and world-building algorithms.
Design and mathematics behind video games.
Game theory, in practice and application.
Recreational mathematics
Creating shadow-boxed alters of collectible cards.
Tabletop, card and video gaming.
Literature, poetry and lyrics.
Alternative history, science fiction and fantasy.

Additional Information
Computing skills: Knowledge of a variety of office packages (Microsoft, OpenOffice, LibreOffice), experience in Java, HTML, CSS, C#.NET, working knowledge of SQL, PHP, JavaScript, XML. Experience using Visual Studio 2010/2012, Eclipse, Notepad++ and Crimson Editor. 
Knowledge of basic German.

References available on request.
